File handling
- read, write or open any file from the system
Python allows us to operate on files using File IO. By using this, we can read, write, append or open a permanent storage file.
File Input -> Read
File Output -> 
->write : it overwrites data if file already exists, otherwise creates a new file
->  append : it continues to write data from end  of file if file already exists, otherwise creates a new file

Steps for IO in Python
1. Open a file
	Syntax:
fileobject =open(filepath, mode)
filepath: This is the name of the file you want to open, including the file path and file
type. It can be an absolute or relative path to the file.
Eg.
“D:/Anudip/abc.txt”
“D://Anudip//abc.txt”
“D:\\Anudip\\abc.txt”
mode:The files can be accessed using various modes like read, write, or append. The
following are the details about the access mode to open a file.
1 r It opens the file to read-only mode. The file pointer exists at the
beginning. The file is by default open in this mode if no access mode is
passed.
2 rb It opens the file to read-only in binary format. The file pointer exists at
the beginning of the file.
3 r+ It opens the file to read and write both. The file pointer exists at the
beginning of the file.
4 rb+ It opens the file to read and write both in binary format. The file pointer
exists at the beginning of the file.
5 w It opens the file to write only. It overwrites the file if it previously exists
or creates a new one if no file exists with the same name. The file
pointer exists at the beginning of the file.
6 wb It opens the file to write only in binary format. It overwrites the file if it
exists previously or creates a new one if no file exists. The file pointer
exists at the beginning of the file.
7 w+ It opens the file to write and read both. It is different from r+ in the
sense that it overwrites the previous file if one exists whereas r+
doesn't overwrite the previously written file. It creates a new file if no file
exists. The file pointer exists at the beginning of the file.
8 wb+ It opens the file to write and read both in binary format. The file pointer exists at the beginning of the file.
9 a It opens the file in the append mode. The file pointer exists at the end
of the previously written file if there exists any. It creates a new file if no
file exists with the same name.
10 ab It opens the file in the append mode in binary format. The pointer exists
at the end of the previously written file. It creates a new file in binary
format if no file exists with the same name.
11 a+ It opens a file to append and read both. The file pointer remains at the
end of the file if a file exists. It creates a new file if no file exists with the
same name.
12 ab+ It opens a file to append and read both in binary format. The file pointer
remains at the end of the file.
